1. Create a new project in unity and select 3d and name it AR using vuforia
2. Go to link "developer.vuforia.com"& Register. Enter the details asked & click on create a account
	Verify your details by going to the link on email 
	Login to vuforia account
3. Go to downloads->Sample
	Click on open from unity store
	a new tab opens of unity asset store
4. Go to vuforia engine - sdk - add to my assets - open in unity
5. A packet manager appears. Click on import
6. Now go to assets store and select vuforia core sample - Add to my assets - Open in unity - import
7. to verify whether vuforia is imported successfully, right clik on hierarchy window pannel, if you see 
	Vuforia engine in the dropdown list, it means that vuforia is imported succsessfully
8. Delete "Main camera" from the scene right clik on hierarchy panel - Vuforia engine - AR camera
9. In the project window go to asset/Resources and double click on "VuforiaConfig.asset",to view its property
	in the inspector panel
10. Click on add license on inspector pannel. Vuforia opens 
11. Click on license manager - get basics
12. Keep the license name same as the project name. i.e.AR using vuforia. Check the terms & conditons &
	click on confirm.
13. Click on license & copy the license key and paste it in the app license key
14. Go to vuforia - Target manager - add db & write write ur db name & select device - create
15. AFter creating db, open db & click on add target
16. Click on image - browse and select image - width=0.5 - name it & add
17. Repeat the steps 15,16 until you get 4/5 star ratings
18. click on download db - unity editor - download . ONce it downloads you can get the file called 
	hellovuforia.unity package. Double click on this file to open in unity., Now you'll get a prompt, 
	click on import
19. go to asset/resources & double clik on vuforiaconfig.asset - Inspector panel - db
20. Right click on hierarchy panel - vuforia engine - Image Target.
	select img target to view  this property in the inspector pannel
21. Go to img target behaviour script. Right click on img Target - scale - x,y,z =0.2
22. Move your box slightly up to your surface to make it appear levitating
23. Click on play button to run the scene on the top center using your web cam